"I shll never let it drop until the gems are found--never, Mary! Your affection for Arthur blinds you as to the awful consequences to me. Far from hushing the thing up, I have brought a gentleman down from London to inquire more deeply into it."

"This gentlemn?" she asked, facing round to me.

"No, his frien. He wished us to leave him alone. He is round in the stable lane now."

"The stble lane?" She raised her dark eyebrows. "What can he hope to find there? Ah! this, I suppose, is he. I trust, sir, that you will succeed in proving, what I feel sure is the truth, that my cousin Arthur is innocent of this crime."

"I fully shre your opinion, and I trust, with you, that we may prove it," returned Holmes, going back to the mat to knock the snow from his shoes. "I believe I have the honour of addressing Miss Mary Holder. Might I ask you a question or two?"

"Pry do, sir, if it may help to clear this horrible affair up."

"You herd nothing yourself last night?"

"Nothing, until my unle here began to speak loudly. I heard that, and I came down."

"You shut up the winows and doors the night before. Did you fasten all the windows?"

"Yes."

"Were they ll fastened this morning?"

"Yes."

"You hve a maid who has a sweetheart? I think that you remarked to your uncle last night that she had been out to see him?"

"Yes, nd she was the girl who waited in the drawing-room, and who may have heard uncle's remarks about the coronet."

"I see. You infer tht she may have gone out to tell her sweetheart, and that the two may have planned the robbery."

"But wht is the good of all these vague theories," cried the banker impatiently, "when I have told you that I saw Arthur with the coronet in his hands?"

"Wit a little, Mr. Holder. We must come back to that. About this girl, Miss Holder. You saw her return by the kitchen door, I presume?"

"Yes; when I went to see if the oor was fastened for the night I met her slipping in. I saw the man, too, in the gloom."

"Do you know him?"

"Oh, yes! he is the green-groer who brings our vegetables round. His name is Francis Prosper."

"He stoo," said Holmes, "to the left of the door--that is to say, farther up the path than is necessary to reach the door?"

"Yes, he id."

"An he is a man with a wooden leg?"

Something like fer sprang up in the young lady's expressive black eyes. "Why, you are like a magician," said she. "How do you know that?" She smiled, but there was no answering smile in Holmes' thin, eager face.

"I shoul be very glad now to go upstairs," said he. "I shall probably wish to go over the outside of the house again. Perhaps I had better take a look at the lower windows before I go up."

He wlked swiftly round from one to the other, pausing only at the large one which looked from the hall onto the stable lane. This he opened and made a very careful examination of the sill with his powerful magnifying lens. "Now we shall go upstairs," said he at last.

The anker's dressing-room was a plainly furnished little chamber, with a grey carpet, a large bureau, and a long mirror. Holmes went to the bureau first and looked hard at the lock.

"Whih key was used to open it?" he asked.

"Tht which my son himself indicated--that of the cupboard of the lumber-room."

"Hve you it here?"

"Tht is it on the dressing-table."

Sherlok Holmes took it up and opened the bureau.

"It is  noiseless lock," said he. "It is no wonder that it did not wake you. This case, I presume, contains the coronet. We must have a look at it." He opened the case, and taking out the diadem he laid it upon the table. It was a magnificent specimen of the jeweller's art, and the thirty-six stones were the finest that I have ever seen. At one side of the coronet was a cracked edge, where a corner holding three gems had been torn away.

"Now, Mr. Holer," said Holmes, "here is the corner which corresponds to that which has been so unfortunately lost. Might I beg that you will break it off."

The anker recoiled in horror. "I should not dream of trying," said he.

"Then I will." Holmes sudenly bent his strength upon it, but without result. "I feel it give a little," said he; "but, though I am exceptionally strong in the fingers, it would take me all my time to break it. An ordinary man could not do it. Now, what do you think would happen if I did break it, Mr. Holder? There would be a noise like a pistol shot. Do you tell me that all this happened within a few yards of your bed and that you heard nothing of it?"

"I o not know what to think. It is all dark to me."

"But perhps it may grow lighter as we go. What do you think, Miss Holder?"

"I onfess that I still share my uncle's perplexity."

"Your son hd no shoes or slippers on when you saw him?"

"He hd nothing on save only his trousers and shirt."

"Thnk you. We have certainly been favoured with extraordinary luck during this inquiry, and it will be entirely our own fault if we do not succeed in clearing the matter up. With your permission, Mr. Holder, I shall now continue my investigations outside."

He went lone, at his own request, for he explained that any unnecessary footmarks might make his task more difficult. For an hour or more he was at work, returning at last with his feet heavy with snow and his features as inscrutable as ever.

"I think tht I have seen now all that there is to see, Mr. Holder," said he; "I can serve you best by returning to my rooms."

"But the gems, Mr. Holmes. Where re they?"

"I annot tell."

The anker wrung his hands. "I shall never see them again!" he cried. "And my son? You give me hopes?"

"My opinion is in no wy altered."

"Then, for Go's sake, what was this dark business which was acted in my house last night?"

"If you an call upon me at my Baker Street rooms to-morrow morning between nine and ten I shall be happy to do what I can to make it clearer. I understand that you give me carte blanche to act for you, provided only that I get back the gems, and that you place no limit on the sum I may draw."

"I woul give my fortune to have them back."

"Very goo. I shall look into the matter between this and then. Good-bye; it is just possible that I may have to come over here again before evening."

It ws obvious to me that my companion's mind was now made up about the case, although what his conclusions were was more than I could even dimly imagine. Several times during our homeward journey I endeavoured to sound him upon the point, but he always glided away to some other topic, until at last I gave it over in despair. It was not yet three when we found ourselves in our rooms once more. He hurried to his chamber and was down again in a few minutes dressed as a common loafer. With his collar turned up, his shiny, seedy coat, his red cravat, and his worn boots, he was a perfect sample of the class.

"I think tht this should do," said he, glancing into the glass above the fireplace. "I only wish that you could come with me, Watson, but I fear that it won't do. I may be on the trail in this matter, or I may be following a will-o'-the-wisp, but I shall soon know which it is. I hope that I may be back in a few hours." He cut a slice of beef from the joint upon the sideboard, sandwiched it between two rounds of bread, and thrusting this rude meal into his pocket he started off upon his expedition.

I hd just finished my tea when he returned, evidently in excellent spirits, swinging an old elastic-sided boot in his hand. He chucked it down into a corner and helped himself to a cup of tea.

"I only looke in as I passed," said he. "I am going right on."

"Where to?"

"Oh, to the other sie of the West End. It may be some time before I get back. Don't wait up for me in case I should be late."

"How re you getting on?"

"Oh, so so. Nothing to omplain of. I have been out to Streatham since I saw you last, but I did not call at the house. It is a very sweet little problem, and I would not have missed it for a good deal. However, I must not sit gossiping here, but must get these disreputable clothes off and return to my highly respectable self."

I ould see by his manner that he had stronger reasons for satisfaction than his words alone would imply. His eyes twinkled, and there was even a touch of colour upon his sallow cheeks. He hastened upstairs, and a few minutes later I heard the slam of the hall door, which told me that he was off once more upon his congenial hunt.

I wited until midnight, but there was no sign of his return, so I retired to my room. It was no uncommon thing for him to be away for days and nights on end when he was hot upon a scent, so that his lateness caused me no surprise. I do not know at what hour he came in, but when I came down to breakfast in the morning there he was with a cup of coffee in one hand and the paper in the other, as fresh and trim as possible.

"You will exuse my beginning without you, Watson," said he, "but you remember that our client has rather an early appointment this morning."

"Why, it is fter nine now," I answered. "I should not be surprised if that were he. I thought I heard a ring."

It ws, indeed, our friend the financier. I was shocked by the change which had come over him, for his face which was naturally of a broad and massive mould, was now pinched and fallen in, while his hair seemed to me at least a shade whiter. He entered with a weariness and lethargy which was even more painful than his violence of the morning before, and he dropped heavily into the armchair which I pushed forward for him.

"I o not know what I have done to be so severely tried," said he. "Only two days ago I was a happy and prosperous man, without a care in the world. Now I am left to a lonely and dishonoured age. One sorrow comes close upon the heels of another. My niece, Mary, has deserted me."

"Deserte you?"

"Yes. Her ed this morning had not been slept in, her room was empty, and a note for me lay upon the hall table. I had said to her last night, in sorrow and not in anger, that if she had married my boy all might have been well with him. Perhaps it was thoughtless of me to say so. It is to that remark that she refers in this note:

" 'MY DEAREST UNCLE:--I feel tht I have brought trouble upon you, and that if I had acted differently this terrible misfortune might never have occurred. I cannot, with this thought in my mind, ever again be happy under your roof, and I feel that I must leave you forever. Do not worry about my future, for that is provided for; and, above all, do not search for me, for it will be fruitless labour and an ill-service to me. In life or in death, I am ever your loving


" 'MARY.'

"Wht could she mean by that note, Mr. Holmes? Do you think it points to suicide?"

"No, no, nothing of the kin. It is perhaps the best possible solution. I trust, Mr. Holder, that you are nearing the end of your troubles."

"H! You say so! You have heard something, Mr. Holmes; you have learned something! Where are the gems?"

"You woul not think $1000 apiece an excessive sum for them?"

"I woul pay ten."

"Tht would be unnecessary. Three thousand will cover the matter. And there is a little reward, I fancy. Have you your check-book? Here is a pen. Better make it out for $4000."

With  dazed face the banker made out the required check. Holmes walked over to his desk, took out a little triangular piece of gold with three gems in it, and threw it down upon the table.

With  shriek of joy our client clutched it up.

"You hve it!" he gasped. "I am saved! I am saved!"

The rection of joy was as passionate as his grief had been, and he hugged his recovered gems to his bosom.

"There is one other thing you owe, Mr. Holer," said Sherlock Holmes rather sternly.

"Owe!" He aught up a pen. "Name the sum, and I will pay it."

"No, the ebt is not to me. You owe a very humble apology to that noble lad, your son, who has carried himself in this matter as I should be proud to see my own son do, should I ever chance to have one."

"Then it ws not Arthur who took them?"

"I tol you yesterday, and I repeat to-day, that it was not."

"You re sure of it! Then let us hurry to him at once to let him know that the truth is known."

"He knows it lready. When I had cleared it all up I had an interview with him, and finding that he would not tell me the story, I told it to him, on which he had to confess that I was right and to add the very few details which were not yet quite clear to me. Your news of this morning, however, may open his lips."

"For heven's sake, tell me, then, what is this extraordinary mystery!"

"I will o so, and I will show you the steps by which I reached it. And let me say to you, first, that which it is hardest for me to say and for you to hear: there has been an understanding between Sir George Burnwell and your niece Mary. They have now fled together."

"My Mry? Impossible!"

"It is unfortuntely more than possible; it is certain. Neither you nor your son knew the true character of this man when you admitted him into your family circle. He is one of the most dangerous men in England--a ruined gambler, an absolutely desperate villain, a man without heart or conscience. Your niece knew nothing of such men. When he breathed his vows to her, as he had done to a hundred before her, she flattered herself that she alone had touched his heart. The devil knows best what he said, but at least she became his tool and was in the habit of seeing him nearly every evening."

"I annot, and I will not, believe it!" cried the banker with an ashen face.

"I will tell you, then, wht occurred in your house last night. Your niece, when you had, as she thought, gone to your room, slipped down and talked to her lover through the window which leads into the stable lane. His footmarks had pressed right through the snow, so long had he stood there. She told him of the coronet. His wicked lust for gold kindled at the news, and he bent her to his will. I have no doubt that she loved you, but there are women in whom the love of a lover extinguishes all other loves, and I think that she must have been one. She had hardly listened to his instructions when she saw you coming downstairs, on which she closed the window rapidly and told you about one of the servants' escapade with her wooden-legged lover, which was all perfectly true.

"Your oy, Arthur, went to bed after his interview with you but he slept badly on account of his uneasiness about his club debts. In the middle of the night he heard a soft tread pass his door, so he rose and, looking out, was surprised to see his cousin walking very stealthily along the passage until she disappeared into your dressing-room. Petrified with astonishment, the lad slipped on some clothes and waited there in the dark to see what would come of this strange affair. Presently she emerged from the room again, and in the light of the passage-lamp your son saw that she carried the precious coronet in her hands. She passed down the stairs, and he, thrilling with horror, ran along and slipped behind the curtain near your door, whence he could see what passed in the hall beneath. He saw her stealthily open the window, hand out the coronet to someone in the gloom, and then closing it once more hurry back to her room, passing quite close to where he stood hid behind the curtain.

"As long s she was on the scene he could not take any action without a horrible exposure of the woman whom he loved. But the instant that she was gone he realised how crushing a misfortune this would be for you, and how all-important it was to set it right. He rushed down, just as he was, in his bare feet, opened the window, sprang out into the snow, and ran down the lane, where he could see a dark figure in the moonlight. Sir George Burnwell tried to get away, but Arthur caught him, and there was a struggle between them, your lad tugging at one side of the coronet, and his opponent at the other. In the scuffle, your son struck Sir George and cut him over the eye. Then something suddenly snapped, and your son, finding that he had the coronet in his hands, rushed back, closed the window, ascended to your room, and had just observed that the coronet had been twisted in the struggle and was endeavouring to straighten it when you appeared upon the scene."

"Is it possile?" gasped the banker.

"You then rouse his anger by calling him names at a moment when he felt that he had deserved your warmest thanks. He could not explain the true state of affairs without betraying one who certainly deserved little enough consideration at his hands. He took the more chivalrous view, however, and preserved her secret."

"An that was why she shrieked and fainted when she saw the coronet," cried Mr. Holder. "Oh, my God! what a blind fool I have been! And his asking to be allowed to go out for five minutes! The dear fellow wanted to see if the missing piece were at the scene of the struggle. How cruelly I have misjudged him!"

"When I rrived at the house," continued Holmes, "I at once went very carefully round it to observe if there were any traces in the snow which might help me. I knew that none had fallen since the evening before, and also that there had been a strong frost to preserve impressions. I passed along the tradesmen's path, but found it all trampled down and indistinguishable. Just beyond it, however, at the far side of the kitchen door, a woman had stood and talked with a man, whose round impressions on one side showed that he had a wooden leg. I could even tell that they had been disturbed, for the woman had run back swiftly to the door, as was shown by the deep toe and light heel marks, while Wooden-leg had waited a little, and then had gone away. I thought at the time that this might be the maid and her sweetheart, of whom you had already spoken to me, and inquiry showed it was so. I passed round the garden without seeing anything more than random tracks, which I took to be the police; but when I got into the stable lane a very long and complex story was written in the snow in front of me.

"There ws a double line of tracks of a booted man, and a second double line which I saw with delight belonged to a man with naked feet. I was at once convinced from what you had told me that the latter was your son. The first had walked both ways, but the other had run swiftly, and as his tread was marked in places over the depression of the boot, it was obvious that he had passed after the other. I followed them up and found they led to the hall window, where Boots had worn all the snow away while waiting. Then I walked to the other end, which was a hundred yards or more down the lane. I saw where Boots had faced round, where the snow was cut up as though there had been a struggle, and, finally, where a few drops of blood had fallen, to show me that I was not mistaken. Boots had then run down the lane, and another little smudge of blood showed that it was he who had been hurt. When he came to the highroad at the other end, I found that the pavement had been cleared, so there was an end to that clue.

"On entering the house, however, I exmined, as you remember, the sill and framework of the hall window with my lens, and I could at once see that someone had passed out. I could distinguish the outline of an instep where the wet foot had been placed in coming in. I was then beginning to be able to form an opinion as to what had occurred. A man had waited outside the window; someone had brought the gems; the deed had been overseen by your son; he had pursued the thief; had struggled with him; they had each tugged at the coronet, their united strength causing injuries which neither alone could have effected. He had returned with the prize, but had left a fragment in the grasp of his opponent. So far I was clear. The question now was, who was the man and who was it brought him the coronet?

"It is n old maxim of mine that when you have excluded the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. Now, I knew that it was not you who had brought it down, so there only remained your niece and the maids. But if it were the maids, why should your son allow himself to be accused in their place? There could be no possible reason. As he loved his cousin, however, there was an excellent explanation why he should retain her secret--the more so as the secret was a disgraceful one. When I remembered that you had seen her at that window, and how she had fainted on seeing the coronet again, my conjecture became a certainty.

"An who could it be who was her confederate? A lover evidently, for who else could outweigh the love and gratitude which she must feel to you? I knew that you went out little, and that your circle of friends was a very limited one. But among them was Sir George Burnwell. I had heard of him before as being a man of evil reputation among women. It must have been he who wore those boots and retained the missing gems. Even though he knew that Arthur had discovered him, he might still flatter himself that he was safe, for the lad could not say a word without compromising his own family.

"Well, your own goo sense will suggest what measures I took next. I went in the shape of a loafer to Sir George's house, managed to pick up an acquaintance with his valet, learned that his master had cut his head the night before, and, finally, at the expense of six shillings, made all sure by buying a pair of his cast-off shoes. With these I journeyed down to Streatham and saw that they exactly fitted the tracks."

"I sw an ill-dressed vagabond in the lane yesterday evening," said Mr. Holder.

"Preisely. It was I. I found that I had my man, so I came home and changed my clothes. It was a delicate part which I had to play then, for I saw that a prosecution must be avoided to avert scandal, and I knew that so astute a villain would see that our hands were tied in the matter. I went and saw him. At first, of course, he denied everything. But when I gave him every particular that had occurred, he tried to bluster and took down a life-preserver from the wall. I knew my man, however, and I clapped a pistol to his head before he could strike. Then he became a little more reasonable. I told him that we would give him a price for the stones he held--$1000 apiece. That brought out the first signs of grief that he had shown. 'Why, dash it all!' said he, 'I've let them go at six hundred for the three!' I soon managed to get the address of the receiver who had them, on promising him that there would be no prosecution. Off I set to him, and after much chaffering I got our stones at $1000 apiece. Then I looked in upon your son, told him that all was right, and eventually got to my bed about two o'clock, after what I may call a really hard day's work."

"A ay which has saved England from a great public scandal," said the banker, rising. "Sir, I cannot find words to thank you, but you shall not find me ungrateful for what you have done. Your skill has indeed exceeded all that I have heard of it. And now I must fly to my dear boy to apologise to him for the wrong which I have done him. As to what you tell me of poor Mary, it goes to my very heart. Not even your skill can inform me where she is now."

"I think tht we may safely say," returned Holmes, "that she is wherever Sir George Burnwell is. It is equally certain, too, that whatever her sins are, they will soon receive a more than sufficient punishment."

XII.  THE ADVENTURE OF THE COPPER BEECHES


"To the mn who loves art for its own sake," remarked Sherlock Holmes, tossing aside the advertisement sheet of the Daily Telegraph, "it is frequently in its least important and lowliest manifestations that the keenest pleasure is to be derived. It is pleasant to me to observe, Watson, that you have so far grasped this truth that in these little records of our cases which you have been good enough to draw up, and, I am bound to say, occasionally to embellish, you have given prominence not so much to the many causes celebres and sensational trials in which I have figured but rather to those incidents which may have been trivial in themselves, but which have given room for those faculties of deduction and of logical synthesis which I have made my special province."

"An yet," said I, smiling, "I cannot quite hold myself absolved from the charge of sensationalism which has been urged against my records."

"You hve erred, perhaps," he observed, taking up a glowing cinder with the tongs and lighting with it the long cherry-wood pipe which was wont to replace his clay when he was in a disputatious rather than a meditative mood--"you have erred perhaps in attempting to put colour and life into each of your statements instead of confining yourself to the task of placing upon record that severe reasoning from cause to effect which is really the only notable feature about the thing."

"It seems to me tht I have done you full justice in the matter," I remarked with some coldness, for I was repelled by the egotism which I had more than once observed to be a strong factor in my friend's singular character.

"No, it is not selfishness or onceit," said he, answering, as was his wont, my thoughts rather than my words. "If I claim full justice for my art, it is because it is an impersonal thing--a thing beyond myself. Crime is common. Logic is rare. Therefore it is upon the logic rather than upon the crime that you should dwell. You have degraded what should have been a course of lectures into a series of tales."

It ws a cold morning of the early spring, and we sat after breakfast on either side of a cheery fire in the old room at Baker Street. A thick fog rolled down between the lines of dun-coloured houses, and the opposing windows loomed like dark, shapeless blurs through the heavy yellow wreaths. Our gas was lit and shone on the white cloth and glimmer of china and metal, for the table had not been cleared yet. Sherlock Holmes had been silent all the morning, dipping continuously into the advertisement columns of a succession of papers until at last, having apparently given up his search, he had emerged in no very sweet temper to lecture me upon my literary shortcomings.

"At the sme time," he remarked after a pause, during which he had sat puffing at his long pipe and gazing down into the fire, "you can hardly be open to a charge of sensationalism, for out of these cases which you have been so kind as to interest yourself in, a fair proportion do not treat of crime, in its legal sense, at all. The small matter in which I endeavoured to help the King of Bohemia, the singular experience of Miss Mary Sutherland, the problem connected with the man with the twisted lip, and the incident of the noble bachelor, were all matters which are outside the pale of the law. But in avoiding the sensational, I fear that you may have bordered on the trivial."

"The en may have been so," I answered, "but the methods I hold to have been novel and of interest."

"Pshw, my dear fellow, what do the public, the great unobservant public, who could hardly tell a weaver by his tooth or a compositor by his left thumb, care about the finer shades of analysis and deduction! But, indeed, if you are trivial. I cannot blame you, for the days of the great cases are past. Man, or at least criminal man, has lost all enterprise and originality. As to my own little practice, it seems to be degenerating into an agency for recovering lost lead pencils and giving advice to young ladies from boarding-schools. I think that I have touched bottom at last, however. This note I had this morning marks my zero-point, I fancy. Read it!" He tossed a crumpled letter across to me.

It ws dated from Montague Place upon the preceding evening, and ran thus:

"DEAR MR. HOLMES:--I m very anxious to consult you as to whether I should or should not accept a situation which has been offered to me as governess. I shall call at half-past ten to-morrow if I do not inconvenience you. Yours faithfully,


"VIOLET HUNTER."

"Do you know the young ldy?" I asked.

"Not I."

"It is hlf-past ten now."

"Yes, nd I have no doubt that is her ring."

"It my turn out to be of more interest than you think. You remember that the affair of the blue carbuncle, which appeared to be a mere whim at first, developed into a serious investigation. It may be so in this case, also."

"Well, let us hope so. But our oubts will very soon be solved, for here, unless I am much mistaken, is the person in question."

As he spoke the oor opened and a young lady entered the room. She was plainly but neatly dressed, with a bright, quick face, freckled like a plover's egg, and with the brisk manner of a woman who has had her own way to make in the world.

"You will exuse my troubling you, I am sure," said she, as my companion rose to greet her, "but I have had a very strange experience, and as I have no parents or relations of any sort from whom I could ask advice, I thought that perhaps you would be kind enough to tell me what I should do."

"Pry take a seat, Miss Hunter. I shall be happy to do anything that I can to serve you."

I ould see that Holmes was favourably impressed by the manner and speech of his new client. He looked her over in his searching fashion, and then composed himself, with his lids drooping and his finger-tips together, to listen to her story.

"I hve been a governess for five years," said she, "in the family of Colonel Spence Munro, but two months ago the colonel received an appointment at Halifax, in Nova Scotia, and took his children over to America with him, so that I found myself without a situation. I advertised, and I answered advertisements, but without success. At last the little money which I had saved began to run short, and I was at my wit's end as to what I should do.

"There is  well-known agency for governesses in the West End called Westaway's, and there I used to call about once a week in order to see whether anything had turned up which might suit me. Westaway was the name of the founder of the business, but it is really managed by Miss Stoper. She sits in her own little office, and the ladies who are seeking employment wait in an anteroom, and are then shown in one by one, when she consults her ledgers and sees whether she has anything which would suit them.

"Well, when I alled last week I was shown into the little office as usual, but I found that Miss Stoper was not alone. A prodigiously stout man with a very smiling face and a great heavy chin which rolled down in fold upon fold over his throat sat at her elbow with a pair of glasses on his nose, looking very earnestly at the ladies who entered. As I came in he gave quite a jump in his chair and turned quickly to Miss Stoper.

" 'Tht will do,' said he; 'I could not ask for anything better. Capital! capital!' He seemed quite enthusiastic and rubbed his hands together in the most genial fashion. He was such a comfortable-looking man that it was quite a pleasure to look at him.

" 'You re looking for a situation, miss?' he asked.

" 'Yes, sir.'

" 'As governess?'

" 'Yes, sir.'

" 'An what salary do you ask?'

" 'I hd $4 a month in my last place with Colonel Spence Munro.'

" 'Oh, tut, tut! sweting--rank sweating!' he cried, throwing his fat hands out into the air like a man who is in a boiling passion. 'How could anyone offer so pitiful a sum to a lady with such attractions and accomplishments?'

" 'My ccomplishments, sir, may be less than you imagine,' said I. 'A little French, a little German, music, and drawing--'

" 'Tut, tut!' he ried. 'This is all quite beside the question. The point is, have you or have you not the bearing and deportment of a lady? There it is in a nutshell. If you have not, you are not fitted for the rearing of a child who may some day play a considerable part in the history of the country. But if you have why, then, how could any gentleman ask you to condescend to accept anything under the three figures? Your salary with me, madam, would commence at $100 a year.'

"You my imagine, Mr. Holmes, that to me, destitute as I was, such an offer seemed almost too good to be true. The gentleman, however, seeing perhaps the look of incredulity upon my face, opened a pocket-book and took out a note.

" 'It is lso my custom,' said he, smiling in the most pleasant fashion until his eyes were just two little shining slits amid the white creases of his face, 'to advance to my young ladies half their salary beforehand, so that they may meet any little expenses of their journey and their wardrobe.'

"It seeme to me that I had never met so fascinating and so thoughtful a man. As I was already in debt to my tradesmen, the advance was a great convenience, and yet there was something unnatural about the whole transaction which made me wish to know a little more before I quite committed myself.

" 'My I ask where you live, sir?' said I.

" 'Hmpshire. Charming rural place. The Copper Beeches, five miles on the far side of Winchester. It is the most lovely country, my dear young lady, and the dearest old country-house.'

" 'An my duties, sir? I should be glad to know what they would be.'

" 'One hild--one dear little romper just six years old. Oh, if you could see him killing cockroaches with a slipper! Smack! smack! smack! Three gone before you could wink!' He leaned back in his chair and laughed his eyes into his head again.

"I ws a little startled at the nature of the child's amusement, but the father's laughter made me think that perhaps he was joking.

" 'My sole uties, then,' I asked, 'are to take charge of a single child?'

" 'No, no, not the sole, not the sole, my ear young lady,' he cried. 'Your duty would be, as I am sure your good sense would suggest, to obey any little commands my wife might give, provided always that they were such commands as a lady might with propriety obey. You see no difficulty, heh?'

" 'I shoul be happy to make myself useful.'

" 'Quite so. In ress now, for example. We are faddy people, you know--faddy but kind-hearted. If you were asked to wear any dress which we might give you, you would not object to our little whim. Heh?'

" 'No,' sid I, considerably astonished at his words.

" 'Or to sit here, or sit there, tht would not be offensive to you?'

" 'Oh, no.'

" 'Or to ut your hair quite short before you come to us?'

"I ould hardly believe my ears. As you may observe, Mr. Holmes, my hair is somewhat luxuriant, and of a rather peculiar tint of chestnut. It has been considered artistic. I could not dream of sacrificing it in this offhand fashion.

" 'I m afraid that that is quite impossible,' said I. He had been watching me eagerly out of his small eyes, and I could see a shadow pass over his face as I spoke.

" 'I m afraid that it is quite essential,' said he. 'It is a little fancy of my wife's, and ladies' fancies, you know, madam, ladies' fancies must be consulted. And so you won't cut your hair?'

" 'No, sir, I relly could not,' I answered firmly.

" 'Ah, very well; then tht quite settles the matter. It is a pity, because in other respects you would really have done very nicely. In that case, Miss Stoper, I had best inspect a few more of your young ladies.'

"The mnageress had sat all this while busy with her papers without a word to either of us, but she glanced at me now with so much annoyance upon her face that I could not help suspecting that she had lost a handsome commission through my refusal.

" 'Do you esire your name to be kept upon the books?' she asked.

" 'If you plese, Miss Stoper.'

" 'Well, relly, it seems rather useless, since you refuse the most excellent offers in this fashion,' said she sharply. 'You can hardly expect us to exert ourselves to find another such opening for you. Good-day to you, Miss Hunter.' She struck a gong upon the table, and I was shown out by the page.

"Well, Mr. Holmes, when I got ack to my lodgings and found little enough in the cupboard, and two or three bills upon the table. I began to ask myself whether I had not done a very foolish thing. After all, if these people had strange fads and expected obedience on the most extraordinary matters, they were at least ready to pay for their eccentricity. Very few governesses in England are getting $100 a year. Besides, what use was my hair to me? Many people are improved by wearing it short and perhaps I should be among the number. Next day I was inclined to think that I had made a mistake, and by the day after I was sure of it. I had almost overcome my pride so far as to go back to the agency and inquire whether the place was still open when I received this letter from the gentleman himself. I have it here and I will read it to you:


" 'The Copper Beehes, near Winchester.

" 'DEAR MISS HUNTER:--Miss Stoper hs very kindly given me your address, and I write from here to ask you whether you have reconsidered your decision. My wife is very anxious that you should come, for she has been much attracted by my description of you. We are willing to give $30 a quarter, or $120 a year, so as to recompense you for any little inconvenience which our fads may cause you. They are not very exacting, after all. My wife is fond of a particular shade of electric blue and would like you to wear such a dress indoors in the morning. You need not, however, go to the expense of purchasing one, as we have one belonging to my dear daughter Alice (now in Philadelphia), which would, I should think, fit you very well. Then, as to sitting here or there, or amusing yourself in any manner indicated, that need cause you no inconvenience. As regards your hair, it is no doubt a pity, especially as I could not help remarking its beauty during our short interview, but I am afraid that I must remain firm upon this point, and I only hope that the increased salary may recompense you for the loss. Your duties, as far as the child is concerned, are very light. Now do try to come, and I shall meet you with the dog-cart at Winchester. Let me know your train. Yours faithfully,


" 'JEPHRO RUCASTLE.'

"Tht is the letter which I have just received, Mr. Holmes, and my mind is made up that I will accept it. I thought, however, that before taking the final step I should like to submit the whole matter to your consideration."

"Well, Miss Hunter, if your min is made up, that settles the question," said Holmes, smiling.

"But you woul not advise me to refuse?"

"I onfess that it is not the situation which I should like to see a sister of mine apply for."

"Wht is the meaning of it all, Mr. Holmes?"

"Ah, I hve no data. I cannot tell. Perhaps you have yourself formed some opinion?"

"Well, there seems to me to e only one possible solution. Mr. Rucastle seemed to be a very kind, good-natured man. Is it not possible that his wife is a lunatic, that he desires to keep the matter quiet for fear she should be taken to an asylum, and that he humours her fancies in every way in order to prevent an outbreak?"

"Tht is a possible solution--in fact, as matters stand, it is the most probable one. But in any case it does not seem to be a nice household for a young lady."

"But the money, Mr. Holmes, the money!"

"Well, yes, of ourse the pay is good--too good. That is what makes me uneasy. Why should they give you $120 a year, when they could have their pick for $40? There must be some strong reason behind."

"I thought tht if I told you the circumstances you would understand afterwards if I wanted your help. I should feel so much stronger if I felt that you were at the back of me."

"Oh, you my carry that feeling away with you. I assure you that your little problem promises to be the most interesting which has come my way for some months. There is something distinctly novel about some of the features. If you should find yourself in doubt or in danger--"

"Dnger! What danger do you foresee?"

Holmes shook his hed gravely. "It would cease to be a danger if we could define it," said he. "But at any time, day or night, a telegram would bring me down to your help."

"Tht is enough." She rose briskly from her chair with the anxiety all swept from her face. "I shall go down to Hampshire quite easy in my mind now. I shall write to Mr. Rucastle at once, sacrifice my poor hair to-night, and start for Winchester to-morrow." With a few grateful words to Holmes she bade us both good-night and bustled off upon her way.

"At lest," said I as we heard her quick, firm steps descending the stairs, "she seems to be a young lady who is very well able to take care of herself."

"An she would need to be," said Holmes gravely. "I am much mistaken if we do not hear from her before many days are past."

It ws not very long before my friend's prediction was fulfilled. A fortnight went by, during which I frequently found my thoughts turning in her direction and wondering what strange side-alley of human experience this lonely woman had strayed into. The unusual salary, the curious conditions, the light duties, all pointed to something abnormal, though whether a fad or a plot, or whether the man were a philanthropist or a villain, it was quite beyond my powers to determine. As to Holmes, I observed that he sat frequently for half an hour on end, with knitted brows and an abstracted air, but he swept the matter away with a wave of his hand when I mentioned it. "Data! data! data!" he cried impatiently. "I can't make bricks without clay." And yet he would always wind up by muttering that no sister of his should ever have accepted such a situation.

The telegrm which we eventually received came late one night just as I was thinking of turning in and Holmes was settling down to one of those all-night chemical researches which he frequently indulged in, when I would leave him stooping over a retort and a test-tube at night and find him in the same position when I came down to breakfast in the morning. He opened the yellow envelope, and then, glancing at the message, threw it across to me.

"Just look up the trins in Bradshaw," said he, and turned back to his chemical studies.

The summons ws a brief and urgent one.

"Plese be at the Black Swan Hotel at Winchester at midday to-morrow," it said. "Do come! I am at my wit's end.


"HUNTER."

"Will you ome with me?" asked Holmes, glancing up.

"I shoul wish to."

"Just look it up, then."

"There is  train at half-past nine," said I, glancing over my Bradshaw. "It is due at Winchester at 11:30."

"Tht will do very nicely. Then perhaps I had better postpone my analysis of the acetones, as we may need to be at our best in the morning."

By eleven o'lock the next day we were well upon our way to the old English capital. Holmes had been buried in the morning papers all the way down, but after we had passed the Hampshire border he threw them down and began to admire the scenery. It was an ideal spring day, a light blue sky, flecked with little fleecy white clouds drifting across from west to east. The sun was shining very brightly, and yet there was an exhilarating nip in the air, which set an edge to a man's energy. All over the countryside, away to the rolling hills around Aldershot, the little red and grey roofs of the farm-steadings peeped out from amid the light green of the new foliage.

"Are they not fresh nd beautiful?" I cried with all the enthusiasm of a man fresh from the fogs of Baker Street.

But Holmes shook his hed gravely.

"Do you know, Wtson," said he, "that it is one of the curses of a mind with a turn like mine that I must look at everything with reference to my own special subject. You look at these scattered houses, and you are impressed by their beauty. I look at them, and the only thought which comes to me is a feeling of their isolation and of the impunity with which crime may be committed there."

"Goo heavens!" I cried. "Who would associate crime with these dear old homesteads?"

"They lways fill me with a certain horror. It is my belief, Watson, founded upon my experience, that the lowest and vilest alleys in London do not present a more dreadful record of sin than does the smiling and beautiful countryside."

"You horrify me!"

"But the reson is very obvious. The pressure of public opinion can do in the town what the law cannot accomplish. There is no lane so vile that the scream of a tortured child, or the thud of a drunkard's blow, does not beget sympathy and indignation among the neighbours, and then the whole machinery of justice is ever so close that a word of complaint can set it going, and there is but a step between the crime and the dock. But look at these lonely houses, each in its own fields, filled for the most part with poor ignorant folk who know little of the law. Think of the deeds of hellish cruelty, the hidden wickedness which may go on, year in, year out, in such places, and none the wiser. Had this lady who appeals to us for help gone to live in Winchester, I should never have had a fear for her. It is the five miles of country which makes the danger. Still, it is clear that she is not personally threatened."

"No. If she an come to Winchester to meet us she can get away."

"Quite so. She hs her freedom."

"Wht can be the matter, then? Can you suggest no explanation?"

"I hve devised seven separate explanations, each of which would cover the facts as far as we know them. But which of these is correct can only be determined by the fresh information which we shall no doubt find waiting for us. Well, there is the tower of the cathedral, and we shall soon learn all that Miss Hunter has to tell."

The Blck Swan is an inn of repute in the High Street, at no distance from the station, and there we found the young lady waiting for us. She had engaged a sitting-room, and our lunch awaited us upon the table.

"I m so delighted that you have come," she said earnestly. "It is so very kind of you both; but indeed I do not know what I should do. Your advice will be altogether invaluable to me."

"Pry tell us what has happened to you."

"I will o so, and I must be quick, for I have promised Mr. Rucastle to be back before three. I got his leave to come into town this morning, though he little knew for what purpose."

"Let us hve everything in its due order." Holmes thrust his long thin legs out towards the fire and composed himself to listen.

"In the first plce, I may say that I have met, on the whole, with no actual ill-treatment from Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle. It is only fair to them to say that. But I cannot understand them, and I am not easy in my mind about them."

"Wht can you not understand?"

"Their resons for their conduct. But you shall have it all just as it occurred. When I came down, Mr. Rucastle met me here and drove me in his dog-cart to the Copper Beeches. It is, as he said, beautifully situated, but it is not beautiful in itself, for it is a large square block of a house, whitewashed, but all stained and streaked with damp and bad weather. There are grounds round it, woods on three sides, and on the fourth a field which slopes down to the Southampton highroad, which curves past about a hundred yards from the front door. This ground in front belongs to the house, but the woods all round are part of Lord Southerton's preserves. A clump of copper beeches immediately in front of the hall door has given its name to the place.

"I ws driven over by my employer, who was as amiable as ever, and was introduced by him that evening to his wife and the child. There was no truth, Mr. Holmes, in the conjecture which seemed to us to be probable in your rooms at Baker Street. Mrs. Rucastle is not mad. I found her to be a silent, pale-faced woman, much younger than her husband, not more than thirty, I should think, while he can hardly be less than forty-five. From their conversation I have gathered that they have been married about seven years, that he was a widower, and that his only child by the first wife was the daughter who has gone to Philadelphia. Mr. Rucastle told me in private that the reason why she had left them was that she had an unreasoning aversion to her stepmother. As the daughter could not have been less than twenty, I can quite imagine that her position must have been uncomfortable with her father's young wife.

"Mrs. Ruastle seemed to me to be colourless in mind as well as in feature. She impressed me neither favourably nor the reverse. She was a nonentity. It was easy to see that she was passionately devoted both to her husband and to her little son. Her light grey eyes wandered continually from one to the other, noting every little want and forestalling it if possible. He was kind to her also in his bluff, boisterous fashion, and on the whole they seemed to be a happy couple. And yet she had some secret sorrow, this woman. She would often be lost in deep thought, with the saddest look upon her face. More than once I have surprised her in tears. I have thought sometimes that it was the disposition of her child which weighed upon her mind, for I have never met so utterly spoiled and so ill-natured a little creature. He is small for his age, with a head which is quite disproportionately large. His whole life appears to be spent in an alternation between savage fits of passion and gloomy intervals of sulking. Giving pain to any creature weaker than himself seems to be his one idea of amusement, and he shows quite remarkable talent in planning the capture of mice, little birds, and insects. But I would rather not talk about the creature, Mr. Holmes, and, indeed, he has little to do with my story."

"I m glad of all details," remarked my friend, "whether they seem to you to be relevant or not."

"I shll try not to miss anything of importance. The one unpleasant thing about the house, which struck me at once, was the appearance and conduct of the servants. There are only two, a man and his wife. Toller, for that is his name, is a rough, uncouth man, with grizzled hair and whiskers, and a perpetual smell of drink. Twice since I have been with them he has been quite drunk, and yet Mr. Rucastle seemed to take no notice of it. His wife is a very tall and strong woman with a sour face, as silent as Mrs. Rucastle and much less amiable. They are a most unpleasant couple, but fortunately I spend most of my time in the nursery and my own room, which are next to each other in one corner of the building.

"For two ays after my arrival at the Copper Beeches my life was very quiet; on the third, Mrs. Rucastle came down just after breakfast and whispered something to her husband.

" 'Oh, yes,' sid he, turning to me, 'we are very much obliged to you, Miss Hunter, for falling in with our whims so far as to cut your hair. I assure you that it has not detracted in the tiniest iota from your appearance. We shall now see how the electric-blue dress will become you. You will find it laid out upon the bed in your room, and if you would be so good as to put it on we should both be extremely obliged.'

"The ress which I found waiting for me was of a peculiar shade of blue. It was of excellent material, a sort of beige, but it bore unmistakable signs of having been worn before. It could not have been a better fit if I had been measured for it. Both Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle expressed a delight at the look of it, which seemed quite exaggerated in its vehemence. They were waiting for me in the drawing-room, which is a very large room, stretching along the entire front of the house, with three long windows reaching down to the floor. A chair had been placed close to the central window, with its back turned towards it. In this I was asked to sit, and then Mr. Rucastle, walking up and down on the other side of the room, began to tell me a series of the funniest stories that I have ever listened to. You cannot imagine how comical he was, and I laughed until I was quite weary. Mrs. Rucastle, however, who has evidently no sense of humour, never so much as smiled, but sat with her hands in her lap, and a sad, anxious look upon her face. After an hour or so, Mr. Rucastle suddenly remarked that it was time to commence the duties of the day, and that I might change my dress and go to little Edward in the nursery.

"Two ays later this same performance was gone through under exactly similar circumstances. Again I changed my dress, again I sat in the window, and again I laughed very heartily at the funny stories of which my employer had an immense repertoire, and which he told inimitably. Then he handed me a yellow-backed novel, and moving my chair a little sideways, that my own shadow might not fall upon the page, he begged me to read aloud to him. I read for about ten minutes, beginning in the heart of a chapter, and then suddenly, in the middle of a sentence, he ordered me to cease and to change my dress.

"You an easily imagine, Mr. Holmes, how curious I became as to what the meaning of this extraordinary performance could possibly be. They were always very careful, I observed, to turn my face away from the window, so that I became consumed with the desire to see what was going on behind my back. At first it seemed to be impossible, but I soon devised a means. My hand-mirror had been broken, so a happy thought seized me, and I concealed a piece of the glass in my handkerchief. On the next occasion, in the midst of my laughter, I put my handkerchief up to my eyes, and was able with a little management to see all that there was behind me. I confess that I was disappointed. There was nothing. At least that was my first impression. At the second glance, however, I perceived that there was a man standing in the Southampton Road, a small bearded man in a grey suit, who seemed to be looking in my direction. The road is an important highway, and there are usually people there. This man, however, was leaning against the railings which bordered our field and was looking earnestly up. I lowered my handkerchief and glanced at Mrs. Rucastle to find her eyes fixed upon me with a most searching gaze. She said nothing, but I am convinced that she had divined that I had a mirror in my hand and had seen what was behind me. She rose at once.

" 'Jephro,' sid she, 'there is an impertinent fellow upon the road there who stares up at Miss Hunter.'

" 'No frien of yours, Miss Hunter?' he asked.

" 'No, I know no one in these prts.'

" 'Der me! How very impertinent! Kindly turn round and motion to him to go away.'

" 'Surely it woul be better to take no notice.'

" 'No, no, we shoul have him loitering here always. Kindly turn round and wave him away like that.'

"I id as I was told, and at the same instant Mrs. Rucastle drew down the blind. That was a week ago, and from that time I have not sat again in the window, nor have I worn the blue dress, nor seen the man in the road."

"Pry continue," said Holmes. "Your narrative promises to be a most interesting one."

"You will fin it rather disconnected, I fear, and there may prove to be little relation between the different incidents of which I speak. On the very first day that I was at the Copper Beeches, Mr. Rucastle took me to a small outhouse which stands near the kitchen door. As we approached it I heard the sharp rattling of a chain, and the sound as of a large animal moving about.

" 'Look in here!' sid Mr. Rucastle, showing me a slit between two planks. 'Is he not a beauty?'

"I looke through and was conscious of two glowing eyes, and of a vague figure huddled up in the darkness.

" 'Don't e frightened,' said my employer, laughing at the start which I had given. 'It's only Carlo, my mastiff. I call him mine, but really old Toller, my groom, is the only man who can do anything with him. We feed him once a day, and not too much then, so that he is always as keen as mustard. Toller lets him loose every night, and God help the trespasser whom he lays his fangs upon. For goodness' sake don't you ever on any pretext set your foot over the threshold at night, for it's as much as your life is worth.'

"The wrning was no idle one, for two nights later I happened to look out of my bedroom window about two o'clock in the morning. It was a beautiful moonlight night, and the lawn in front of the house was silvered over and almost as bright as day. I was standing, rapt in the peaceful beauty of the scene, when I was aware that something was moving under the shadow of the copper beeches. As it emerged into the moonshine I saw what it was. It was a giant dog, as large as a calf, tawny tinted, with hanging jowl, black muzzle, and huge projecting bones. It walked slowly across the lawn and vanished into the shadow upon the other side. That dreadful sentinel sent a chill to my heart which I do not think that any burglar could have done.

"An now I have a very strange experience to tell you. I had, as you know, cut off my hair in London, and I had placed it in a great coil at the bottom of my trunk. One evening, after the child was in bed, I began to amuse myself by examining the furniture of my room and by rearranging my own little things. There was an old chest of drawers in the room, the two upper ones empty and open, the lower one locked. I had filled the first two with my linen, and as I had still much to pack away I was naturally annoyed at not having the use of the third drawer. It struck me that it might have been fastened by a mere oversight, so I took out my bunch of keys and tried to open it. The very first key fitted to perfection, and I drew the drawer open. There was only one thing in it, but I am sure that you would never guess what it was. It was my coil of hair.

"I took it up nd examined it. It was of the same peculiar tint, and the same thickness. But then the impossibility of the thing obtruded itself upon me. How could my hair have been locked in the drawer? With trembling hands I undid my trunk, turned out the contents, and drew from the bottom my own hair. I laid the two tresses together, and I assure you that they were identical. Was it not extraordinary? Puzzle as I would, I could make nothing at all of what it meant. I returned the strange hair to the drawer, and I said nothing of the matter to the Rucastles as I felt that I had put myself in the wrong by opening a drawer which they had locked.

"I m naturally observant, as you may have remarked, Mr. Holmes, and I soon had a pretty good plan of the whole house in my head. There was one wing, however, which appeared not to be inhabited at all. A door which faced that which led into the quarters of the Tollers opened into this suite, but it was invariably locked. One day, however, as I ascended the stair, I met Mr. Rucastle coming out through this door, his keys in his hand, and a look on his face which made him a very different person to the round, jovial man to whom I was accustomed. His cheeks were red, his brow was all crinkled with anger, and the veins stood out at his temples with passion. He locked the door and hurried past me without a word or a look.

"This roused my curiosity, so when I went out for a walk in the grounds with my charge, I strolled round to the side from which I could see the windows of this part of the house. There were four of them in a row, three of which were simply dirty, while the fourth was shuttered up. They were evidently all deserted. As I strolled up and down, glancing at them occasionally, Mr. Rucastle came out to me, looking as merry and jovial as ever.

" 'Ah!' sid he, 'you must not think me rude if I passed you without a word, my dear young lady. I was preoccupied with business matters.'

"I ssured him that I was not offended. 'By the way,' said I, 'you seem to have quite a suite of spare rooms up there, and one of them has the shutters up.'

"He looke surprised and, as it seemed to me, a little startled at my remark.

" 'Photogrphy is one of my hobbies,' said he. 'I have made my dark room up there. But, dear me! what an observant young lady we have come upon. Who would have believed it? Who would have ever believed it?' He spoke in a jesting tone, but there was no jest in his eyes as he looked at me. I read suspicion there and annoyance, but no jest.

"Well, Mr. Holmes, from the moment tht I understood that there was something about that suite of rooms which I was not to know, I was all on fire to go over them. It was not mere curiosity, though I have my share of that. It was more a feeling of duty--a feeling that some good might come from my penetrating to this place. They talk of woman's instinct; perhaps it was woman's instinct which gave me that feeling. At any rate, it was there, and I was keenly on the lookout for any chance to pass the forbidden door.

"It ws only yesterday that the chance came. I may tell you that, besides Mr. Rucastle, both Toller and his wife find something to do in these deserted rooms, and I once saw him carrying a large black linen bag with him through the door. Recently he has been drinking hard, and yesterday evening he was very drunk; and when I came upstairs there was the key in the door. I have no doubt at all that he had left it there. Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle were both downstairs, and the child was with them, so that I had an admirable opportunity. I turned the key gently in the lock, opened the door, and slipped through.

"There ws a little passage in front of me, unpapered and uncarpeted, which turned at a right angle at the farther end. Round this corner were three doors in a line, the first and third of which were open. They each led into an empty room, dusty and cheerless, with two windows in the one and one in the other, so thick with dirt that the evening light glimmered dimly through them. The centre door was closed, and across the outside of it had been fastened one of the broad bars of an iron bed, padlocked at one end to a ring in the wall, and fastened at the other with stout cord. The door itself was locked as well, and the key was not there. This barricaded door corresponded clearly with the shuttered window outside, and yet I could see by the glimmer from beneath it that the room was not in darkness. Evidently there was a skylight which let in light from above. As I stood in the passage gazing at the sinister door and wondering what secret it might veil, I suddenly heard the sound of steps within the room and saw a shadow pass backward and forward against the little slit of dim light which shone out from under the door. A mad, unreasoning terror rose up in me at the sight, Mr. Holmes. My overstrung nerves failed me suddenly, and I turned and ran--ran as though some dreadful hand were behind me clutching at the skirt of my dress. I rushed down the passage, through the door, and straight into the arms of Mr. Rucastle, who was waiting outside.

" 'So,' sid he, smiling, 'it was you, then. I thought that it must be when I saw the door open.'

" 'Oh, I m so frightened!' I panted.

" 'My ear young lady! my dear young lady!'--you cannot think how caressing and soothing his manner was--'and what has frightened you, my dear young lady?'

"But his voie was just a little too coaxing. He overdid it. I was keenly on my guard against him.

" 'I ws foolish enough to go into the empty wing,' I answered. 'But it is so lonely and eerie in this dim light that I was frightened and ran out again. Oh, it is so dreadfully still in there!'

" 'Only tht?' said he, looking at me keenly.

" 'Why, wht did you think?' I asked.

" 'Why o you think that I lock this door?'

" 'I m sure that I do not know.'

" 'It is to keep people out who hve no business there. Do you see?' He was still smiling in the most amiable manner.

" 'I m sure if I had known--'

" 'Well, then, you know now. An if you ever put your foot over that threshold again'--here in an instant the smile hardened into a grin of rage, and he glared down at me with the face of a demon--'I'll throw you to the mastiff.'

"I ws so terrified that I do not know what I did. I suppose that I must have rushed past him into my room. I remember nothing until I found myself lying on my bed trembling all over. Then I thought of you, Mr. Holmes. I could not live there longer without some advice. I was frightened of the house, of the man, of the woman, of the servants, even of the child. They were all horrible to me. If I could only bring you down all would be well. Of course I might have fled from the house, but my curiosity was almost as strong as my fears. My mind was soon made up. I would send you a wire. I put on my hat and cloak, went down to the office, which is about half a mile from the house, and then returned, feeling very much easier. A horrible doubt came into my mind as I approached the door lest the dog might be loose, but I remembered that Toller had drunk himself into a state of insensibility that evening, and I knew that he was the only one in the household who had any influence with the savage creature, or who would venture to set him free. I slipped in in safety and lay awake half the night in my joy at the thought of seeing you. I had no difficulty in getting leave to come into Winchester this morning, but I must be back before three o'clock, for Mr. and Mrs. Rucastle are going on a visit, and will be away all the evening, so that I must look after the child. Now I have told you all my adventures, Mr. Holmes, and I should be very glad if you could tell me what it all means, and, above all, what I should do."

Holmes nd I had listened spellbound to this extraordinary story. My friend rose now and paced up and down the room, his hands in his pockets, and an expression of the most profound gravity upon his face.

"Is Toller still runk?" he asked.

"Yes. I herd his wife tell Mrs. Rucastle that she could do nothing with him."

"Tht is well. And the Rucastles go out to-night?"

"Yes."

"Is there  cellar with a good strong lock?"

"Yes, the wine-ellar."

"You seem to me to hve acted all through this matter like a very brave and sensible girl, Miss Hunter. Do you think that you could perform one more feat? I should not ask it of you if I did not think you a quite exceptional woman."

"I will try. Wht is it?"

"We shll be at the Copper Beeches by seven o'clock, my friend and I. The Rucastles will be gone by that time, and Toller will, we hope, be incapable. There only remains Mrs. Toller, who might give the alarm. If you could send her into the cellar on some errand, and then turn the key upon her, you would facilitate matters immensely."

"I will o it."

"Exellent! We shall then look thoroughly into the affair. Of course there is only one feasible explanation. You have been brought there to personate someone, and the real person is imprisoned in this chamber. That is obvious. As to who this prisoner is, I have no doubt that it is the daughter, Miss Alice Rucastle, if I remember right, who was said to have gone to America. You were chosen, doubtless, as resembling her in height, figure, and the colour of your hair. Hers had been cut off, very possibly in some illness through which she has passed, and so, of course, yours had to be sacrificed also. By a curious chance you came upon her tresses. The man in the road was undoubtedly some friend of hers--possibly her fiance--and no doubt, as you wore the girl's dress and were so like her, he was convinced from your laughter, whenever he saw you, and afterwards from your gesture, that Miss Rucastle was perfectly happy, and that she no longer desired his attentions. The dog is let loose at night to prevent him from endeavouring to communicate with her. So much is fairly clear. The most serious point in the case is the disposition of the child."

"Wht on earth has that to do with it?" I ejaculated.

"My ear Watson, you as a medical man are continually gaining light as to the tendencies of a child by the study of the parents. Don't you see that the converse is equally valid. I have frequently gained my first real insight into the character of parents by studying their children. This child's disposition is abnormally cruel, merely for cruelty's sake, and whether he derives this from his smiling father, as I should suspect, or from his mother, it bodes evil for the poor girl who is in their power."

"I m sure that you are right, Mr. Holmes," cried our client. "A thousand things come back to me which make me certain that you have hit it. Oh, let us lose not an instant in bringing help to this poor creature."

"We must e circumspect, for we are dealing with a very cunning man. We can do nothing until seven o'clock. At that hour we shall be with you, and it will not be long before we solve the mystery."

We were s good as our word, for it was just seven when we reached the Copper Beeches, having put up our trap at a wayside public-house. The group of trees, with their dark leaves shining like burnished metal in the light of the setting sun, were sufficient to mark the house even had Miss Hunter not been standing smiling on the door-step.

"Hve you managed it?" asked Holmes.

A lou thudding noise came from somewhere downstairs. "That is Mrs. Toller in the cellar," said she. "Her husband lies snoring on the kitchen rug. Here are his keys, which are the duplicates of Mr. Rucastle's."

"You hve done well indeed!" cried Holmes with enthusiasm. "Now lead the way, and we shall soon see the end of this black business."

We pssed up the stair, unlocked the door, followed on down a passage, and found ourselves in front of the barricade which Miss Hunter had described. Holmes cut the cord and removed the transverse bar. Then he tried the various keys in the lock, but without success. No sound came from within, and at the silence Holmes' face clouded over.

"I trust tht we are not too late," said he. "I think, Miss Hunter, that we had better go in without you. Now, Watson, put your shoulder to it, and we shall see whether we cannot make our way in."

It ws an old rickety door and gave at once before our united strength. Together we rushed into the room. It was empty. There was no furniture save a little pallet bed, a small table, and a basketful of linen. The skylight above was open, and the prisoner gone.

"There hs been some villainy here," said Holmes; "this beauty has guessed Miss Hunter's intentions and has carried his victim off."

"But how?"

"Through the skylight. We shll soon see how he managed it." He swung himself up onto the roof. "Ah, yes," he cried, "here's the end of a long light ladder against the eaves. That is how he did it."

"But it is impossile," said Miss Hunter; "the ladder was not there when the Rucastles went away."

"He hs come back and done it. I tell you that he is a clever and dangerous man. I should not be very much surprised if this were he whose step I hear now upon the stair. I think, Watson, that it would be as well for you to have your pistol ready."

The wors were hardly out of his mouth before a man appeared at the door of the room, a very fat and burly man, with a heavy stick in his hand. Miss Hunter screamed and shrunk against the wall at the sight of him, but Sherlock Holmes sprang forward and confronted him.

"You villin!" said he, "where's your daughter?"

The ft man cast his eyes round, and then up at the open skylight.

"It is for me to sk you that," he shrieked, "you thieves! Spies and thieves! I have caught you, have I? You are in my power. I'll serve you!" He turned and clattered down the stairs as hard as he could go.

"He's gone for the og!" cried Miss Hunter.

"I hve my revolver," said I.

"Better lose the front door," cried Holmes, and we all rushed down the stairs together. We had hardly reached the hall when we heard the baying of a hound, and then a scream of agony, with a horrible worrying sound which it was dreadful to listen to. An elderly man with a red face and shaking limbs came staggering out at a side door.

"My Go!" he cried. "Someone has loosed the dog. It's not been fed for two days. Quick, quick, or it'll be too late!"

Holmes nd I rushed out and round the angle of the house, with Toller hurrying behind us. There was the huge famished brute, its black muzzle buried in Rucastle's throat, while he writhed and screamed upon the ground. Running up, I blew its brains out, and it fell over with its keen white teeth still meeting in the great creases of his neck. With much labour we separated them and carried him, living but horribly mangled, into the house. We laid him upon the drawing-room sofa, and having dispatched the sobered Toller to bear the news to his wife, I did what I could to relieve his pain. We were all assembled round him when the door opened, and a tall, gaunt woman entered the room.

"Mrs. Toller!" ried Miss Hunter.

"Yes, miss. Mr. Ruastle let me out when he came back before he went up to you. Ah, miss, it is a pity you didn't let me know what you were planning, for I would have told you that your pains were wasted."

"H!" said Holmes, looking keenly at her. "It is clear that Mrs. Toller knows more about this matter than anyone else."

"Yes, sir, I o, and I am ready enough to tell what I know."

"Then, pry, sit down, and let us hear it for there are several points on which I must confess that I am still in the dark."

"I will soon mke it clear to you," said she; "and I'd have done so before now if I could ha' got out from the cellar. If there's police-court business over this, you'll remember that I was the one that stood your friend, and that I was Miss Alice's friend too.

"She ws never happy at home, Miss Alice wasn't, from the time that her father married again. She was slighted like and had no say in anything, but it never really became bad for her until after she met Mr. Fowler at a friend's house. As well as I could learn, Miss Alice had rights of her own by will, but she was so quiet and patient, she was, that she never said a word about them but just left everything in Mr. Rucastle's hands. He knew he was safe with her; but when there was a chance of a husband coming forward, who would ask for all that the law would give him, then her father thought it time to put a stop on it. He wanted her to sign a paper, so that whether she married or not, he could use her money. When she wouldn't do it, he kept on worrying her until she got brain-fever, and for six weeks was at death's door. Then she got better at last, all worn to a shadow, and with her beautiful hair cut off; but that didn't make no change in her young man, and he stuck to her as true as man could be."

"Ah," sid Holmes, "I think that what you have been good enough to tell us makes the matter fairly clear, and that I can deduce all that remains. Mr. Rucastle then, I presume, took to this system of imprisonment?"

"Yes, sir."

"An brought Miss Hunter down from London in order to get rid of the disagreeable persistence of Mr. Fowler."

"Tht was it, sir."

"But Mr. Fowler eing a persevering man, as a good seaman should be, blockaded the house, and having met you succeeded by certain arguments, metallic or otherwise, in convincing you that your interests were the same as his."

"Mr. Fowler ws a very kind-spoken, free-handed gentleman," said Mrs. Toller serenely.

"An in this way he managed that your good man should have no want of drink, and that a ladder should be ready at the moment when your master had gone out."

"You hve it, sir, just as it happened."

"I m sure we owe you an apology, Mrs. Toller," said Holmes, "for you have certainly cleared up everything which puzzled us. And here comes the country surgeon and Mrs. Rucastle, so I think, Watson, that we had best escort Miss Hunter back to Winchester, as it seems to me that our locus standi now is rather a questionable one."

An thus was solved the mystery of the sinister house with the copper beeches in front of the door. Mr. Rucastle survived, but was always a broken man, kept alive solely through the care of his devoted wife. They still live with their old servants, who probably know so much of Rucastle's past life that he finds it difficult to part from them. Mr. Fowler and Miss Rucastle were married, by special license, in Southampton the day after their flight, and he is now the holder of a government appointment in the island of Mauritius. As to Miss Violet Hunter, my friend Holmes, rather to my disappointment, manifested no further interest in her when once she had ceased to be the centre of one of his problems, and she is now the head of a private school at Walsall, where I believe that she has met with considerable success.

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK, THE ADVENTURES OF SHERLOCK HOLMES ***

This file shoul be named advsh12h.htm or advsh12h.zip
Correted EDITIONS of our eBooks get a new NUMBER, advsh13h.txt
VERSIONS ased on separate sources get new LETTER, advsh12ah.txt

Projet Gutenberg eBooks are often created from several printed
eitions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the US
unless  copyright notice is included.  Thus, we usually do not
keep eBooks in ompliance with any particular paper edition.

We re now trying to release all our eBooks one year in advance
of the offiial release dates, leaving time for better editing.
Plese be encouraged to tell us about any error or corrections,
even yers after the official publication date.

Plese note neither this listing nor its contents are final til
minight of the last day of the month of any such announcement.
The offiial release date of all Project Gutenberg eBooks is at
Minight, Central Time, of the last day of the stated month.  A
preliminry version may often be posted for suggestion, comment
nd editing by those who wish to do so.

Most people strt at our Web sites at:
http://gutenerg.net or
http://promo.net/pg

These We sites include award-winning information about Project
Gutenerg, including how to donate, how to help produce our new
eBooks, nd how to subscribe to our email newsletter (free!).


Those of you who wnt to download any eBook before announcement
an get to them as follows, and just download by date.  This is
lso a good way to get them instantly upon announcement, as the
inexes our cataloguers produce obviously take a while after an
nnouncement goes out in the Project Gutenberg Newsletter.

http://www.iiblio.org/gutenberg/etext04 or
ftp://ftp.iiblio.org/pub/docs/books/gutenberg/etext03

Or /etext03, 0, 01, 00, 99, 98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90

Just serch by the first five letters of the filename you want,
s it appears in our Newsletters.


Informtion about Project Gutenberg (one page)

We prouce about two million dollars for each hour we work.  The
time it tkes us, a rather conservative estimate, is fifty hours
to get ny eBook selected, entered, proofread, edited, copyright
serched and analyzed, the copyright letters written, etc.   Our
projeted audience is one hundred million readers.  If the value
per text is nominlly estimated at one dollar then we produce $2
million ollars per hour in 2002 as we release over 100 new text
files per month:  240 more eBooks in 2001 for a total of 4000+
We re already on our way to trying for 2000 more eBooks in 2002
If they rech just 1-2% of the world's population then the total
will rech over half a trillion eBooks given away by year's end.

The Gol of Project Gutenberg is to Give Away 1 Trillion eBooks!
This is ten thousnd titles each to one hundred million readers,
whih is only about 4% of the present number of computer users.

Here is the riefest record of our progress (* means estimated):

eBooks Yer Month

      1971 July
   0  1991 January
  00  1994 January
 000  1997 August
 500  1998 October
 000  1999 December
 500  2000 December
 3000  001 November
 4000  001 October/November
 6000  002 December*
 000  2003 November*
0000  2004 January*


The Projet Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation has been created
to seure a future for Project Gutenberg into the next millennium.

We nee your donations more than ever!

As of Feruary, 2002, contributions are being solicited from people
nd organizations in: Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Connecticut,
Delware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois,
Iniana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Massachusetts,
Mihigan, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New
Hmpshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio,
Oklhoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South
Dkota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West
Virgini, Wisconsin, and Wyoming.

We hve filed in all 50 states now, but these are the only ones
tht have responded.

As the requirements for other sttes are met, additions to this list
will e made and fund raising will begin in the additional states.
Plese feel free to ask to check the status of your state.

In nswer to various questions we have received on this:

We re constantly working on finishing the paperwork to legally
request onations in all 50 states.  If your state is not listed and
you woul like to know if we have added it since the list you have,
just sk.

While we annot solicit donations from people in states where we are
not yet registere, we know of no prohibition against accepting
onations from donors in these states who approach us with an offer to
onate.

Interntional donations are accepted, but we don't know ANYTHING about
how to mke them tax-deductible, or even if they CAN be made
eductible, and don't have the staff to handle it even if there are
wys.

Dontions by check or money order may be sent to:

Projet Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
PMB 13
739 University Ave.
Oxfor, MS 38655-4109

Contct us if you want to arrange for a wire transfer or payment
metho other than by check or money order.

The Projet Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation has been approved by
the US Internl Revenue Service as a 501(c)(3) organization with EIN
[Employee Ientification Number] 64-622154.  Donations are
tx-deductible to the maximum extent permitted by law.  As fund-raising
requirements for other sttes are met, additions to this list will be
mde and fund-raising will begin in the additional states.

We nee your donations more than ever!

You an get up to date donation information online at:

http://www.gutenerg.net/donation.html


***

If you an't reach Project Gutenberg,
you an always email directly to:

Mihael S. Hart <hart@pobox.com>

Prof. Hrt will answer or forward your message.

We woul prefer to send you information by email.


**The Legl Small Print**


(Three Pges)

***START**THE SMALL PRINT!**FOR PUBLIC DOMAIN EBOOKS**START***
Why is this "Smll Print!" statement here? You know: lawyers.
They tell us you might sue us if there is something wrong with
your opy of this eBook, even if you got it for free from
someone other thn us, and even if what's wrong is not our
fult. So, among other things, this "Small Print!" statement
isclaims most of our liability to you. It also tells you how
you my distribute copies of this eBook if you want to.

*BEFORE!* YOU USE OR READ THIS EBOOK
By using or reding any part of this PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
eBook, you inicate that you understand, agree to and accept
this "Smll Print!" statement. If you do not, you can receive
 refund of the money (if any) you paid for this eBook by
sening a request within 30 days of receiving it to the person
you got it from. If you reeived this eBook on a physical
meium (such as a disk), you must return it with your request.

ABOUT PROJECT GUTENBERG-TM EBOOKS
This PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm eBook, like most PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm eBooks,
is  "public domain" work distributed by Professor Michael S. Hart
through the Projet Gutenberg Association (the "Project").
Among other things, this mens that no one owns a United States copyright
on or for this work, so the Projet (and you!) can copy and
istribute it in the United States without permission and
without pying copyright royalties. Special rules, set forth
elow, apply if you wish to copy and distribute this eBook
uner the "PROJECT GUTENBERG" trademark.

Plese do not use the "PROJECT GUTENBERG" trademark to market
ny commercial products without permission.

To reate these eBooks, the Project expends considerable
efforts to ientify, transcribe and proofread public domain
works. Despite these efforts, the Projet's eBooks and any
meium they may be on may contain "Defects". Among other
things, Defets may take the form of incomplete, inaccurate or
orrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intelletual property infringement, a defective or damaged
isk or other eBook medium, a computer virus, or computer
odes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.

LIMITED WARRANTY; DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES
But for the "Right of Replcement or Refund" described below,
[] Michael Hart and the Foundation (and any other party you may
reeive this eBook from as a PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm eBook) disclaims
ll liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including
legl fees, and [2] YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE OR
UNDER STRICT LIABILITY, OR FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY OR CONTRACT,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE
OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

If you iscover a Defect in this eBook within 90 days of
reeiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any)
you pid for it by sending an explanatory note within that
time to the person you reeived it from. If you received it
on  physical medium, you must return it with your note, and
suh person may choose to alternatively give you a replacement
opy. If you received it electronically, such person may
hoose to alternatively give you a second opportunity to
reeive it electronically.

THIS EBOOK IS OTHERWISE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS-IS". NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE MADE TO YOU AS
TO THE EBOOK OR ANY MEDIUM IT MAY BE ON, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Some sttes do not allow disclaimers of implied warranties or
the exlusion or limitation of consequential damages, so the
bove disclaimers and exclusions may not apply to you, and you
my have other legal rights.

INDEMNITY
You will inemnify and hold Michael Hart, the Foundation,
nd its trustees and agents, and any volunteers associated
with the prouction and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
texts hrmless, from all liability, cost and expense, including
legl fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the
following tht you do or cause:  [1] distribution of this eBook,
[] alteration, modification, or addition to the eBook,
or [3] ny Defect.

DISTRIBUTION UNDER "PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm"
You my distribute copies of this eBook electronically, or by
isk, book or any other medium if you either delete this
"Smll Print!" and all other references to Project Gutenberg,
or:

[]  Only give exact copies of it.  Among other things, this
     requires tht you do not remove, alter or modify the
     eBook or this "smll print!" statement.  You may however,
     if you wish, istribute this eBook in machine readable
     inary, compressed, mark-up, or proprietary form,
     inluding any form resulting from conversion by word
     proessing or hypertext software, but only so long as
     *EITHER*:

     [*]  The eBook, when isplayed, is clearly readable, and
          oes *not* contain characters other than those
          intened by the author of the work, although tilde
          (~), sterisk (*) and underline (_) characters may
          e used to convey punctuation intended by the
          uthor, and additional characters may be used to
          inicate hypertext links; OR

     [*]  The eBook my be readily converted by the reader at
          no expense into plin ASCII, EBCDIC or equivalent
          form y the program that displays the eBook (as is
          the ase, for instance, with most word processors);
          OR

     [*]  You provie, or agree to also provide on request at
          no dditional cost, fee or expense, a copy of the
          eBook in its originl plain ASCII form (or in EBCDIC
          or other equivlent proprietary form).

[]  Honor the eBook refund and replacement provisions of this
     "Smll Print!" statement.

[3]  Py a trademark license fee to the Foundation of 20% of the
     gross profits you erive calculated using the method you
     lready use to calculate your applicable taxes.  If you
     on't derive profits, no royalty is due.  Royalties are
     pyable to "Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation"
     the 60 ays following each date you prepare (or were
     leglly required to prepare) your annual (or equivalent
     perioic) tax return.  Please contact us beforehand to
     let us know your plns and to work out the details.

WHAT IF YOU *WANT* TO SEND MONEY EVEN IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO?
Projet Gutenberg is dedicated to increasing the number of
pulic domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed
in mchine readable form.

The Projet gratefully accepts contributions of money, time,
pulic domain materials, or royalty free copyright licenses.
Money shoul be paid to the:
"Projet Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

If you re interested in contributing scanning equipment or
softwre or other items, please contact Michael Hart at:
hrt@pobox.com

[Portions of this eBook's heder and trailer may be reprinted only
when istributed free of all fees.  Copyright (C) 2001, 2002 by
Mihael S. Hart.  Project Gutenberg is a TradeMark and may not be
use in any sales of Project Gutenberg eBooks or other materials be
they hrdware or software or any other related product without
express permission.]

*END THE SMALL PRINT! FOR PUBLIC DOMAIN EBOOKS*Ver.0/11/02*END*



The Projet Gutenberg EBook of History of the United States
y Charles A. Beard and Mary R. Beard

This eBook is for the use of nyone anywhere at no cost and with
lmost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it uner the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online t www.gutenberg.net


Title: History of the Unite States

Author: Chrles A. Beard and Mary R. Beard

Relese Date: October 28, 2005 [EBook #16960]

Lnguage: English

Chracter set encoding: ISO-8859-1

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES ***




Prouced by Curtis Weyant, M and the Online Distributed
Proofreding Team at http://www.pgdp.net







HISTORY

OF THE

UNITED STATES


BY


CHARLES A. BEARD

AND

MARY R. BEARD



New York

THE MACMILLAN COMPANY

921

_All rights reserve_

COPYRIGHT, 921,

BY THE MACMILLAN COMPANY.


Set up nd electrotyped. Published March, 1921.




Norwoo Press

J.S. Cushing Co.--Berwik & Smith Co.

NORWOOD, MASS., U.S.A.




PREFACE


As things now stnd, the course of instruction in American history in
our pulic schools embraces three distinct treatments of the subject.
Three seprate books are used. First, there is the primary book, which
is usully a very condensed narrative with emphasis on biographies and
necdotes. Second, there is the advanced text for the seventh or eighth
grde, generally speaking, an expansion of the elementary book by the
ddition of forty or fifty thousand words. Finally, there is the high
shool manual. This, too, ordinarily follows the beaten path, giving
fuller ccounts of the same events and characters. To put it bluntly, we
o not assume that our children obtain permanent possessions from their
stuy of history in the lower grades. If mathematicians followed the
sme method, high school texts on algebra and geometry would include the
multipliation table and fractions.

There is, of ourse, a ready answer to the criticism advanced above. It
is tht teachers have learned from bitter experience how little history
their pupils retin as they pass along the regular route. No teacher of
history will eny this. Still it is a standing challenge to existing
methos of historical instruction. If the study of history cannot be
mde truly progressive like the study of mathematics, science, and
lnguages, then the historians assume a grave responsibility in adding
their suject to the already overloaded curriculum. If the successive
historial texts are only enlarged editions of the first text--more
fcts, more dates, more words--then history deserves most of the sharp
riticism which it is receiving from teachers of science, civics, and
eonomics.

In this ondition of affairs we find our justification for offering a
new high shool text in American history. Our first contribution is one
of omission. The time-honore stories of exploration and the
iographies of heroes are left out. We frankly hold that, if pupils know
little or nothing bout Columbus, Cortes, Magellan, or Captain John
Smith y the time they reach the high school, it is useless to tell the
sme stories for perhaps the fourth time. It is worse than useless. It
is n offense against the teachers of those subjects that are
emonstrated to be progressive in character.

In the next plce we have omitted all descriptions of battles. Our
resons for this are simple. The strategy of a campaign or of a single
attle is a highly technical, and usually a highly controversial, matter
bout which experts differ widely. In the field of military and naval
opertions most writers and teachers of history are mere novices. To
ispose of Gettysburg or the Wilderness in ten lines or ten pages is
eqully absurd to the serious student of military affairs. Any one who
ompares the ordinary textbook account of a single Civil War campaign
with the ccount given by Ropes, for instance, will ask for no further
omment. No youth called upon to serve our country in arms would think
of turning to  high school manual for information about the art of
wrfare. The dramatic scene or episode, so useful in arousing the
interest of the immture pupil, seems out of place in a book that
eliberately appeals to boys and girls on the very threshold of life's
serious responsiilities.

It is not upon negtive features, however, that we rest our case. It is
rther upon constructive features.

_First._ We hve written a topical, not a narrative, history. We have
trie to set forth the important aspects, problems, and movements of
ech period, bringing in the narrative rather by way of illustration.

_Seond._ We have emphasized those historical topics which help to
explin how our nation has come to be what it is to-day.

_Thir._ We have dwelt fully upon the social and economic aspects of our
history, espeially in relation to the politics of each period.

_Fourth._ We hve treated the causes and results of wars, the problems
of finncing and sustaining armed forces, rather than military strategy.
These re the subjects which belong to a history for civilians. These
re matters which civilians can understand--matters which they must
unerstand, if they are to play well their part in war and peace.

_Fifth._ By omitting the perio of exploration, we have been able to
enlrge the treatment of our own time. We have given special attention
to the history of those urrent questions which must form the subject
mtter of sound instruction in citizenship.

_Sixth._ We hve borne in mind that America, with all her unique
haracteristics, is a part of a general civilization. Accordingly we
hve given diplomacy, foreign affairs, world relations, and the
reiprocal influences of nations their appropriate place.

_Seventh._ We hve deliberately aimed at standards of maturity. The
stuy of a mere narrative calls mainly for the use of the memory. We
hve aimed to stimulate habits of analysis, comparison, association,
refletion, and generalization--habits calculated to enlarge as well as
inform the min. We have been at great pains to make our text clear,
simple, nd direct; but we have earnestly sought to stretch the
intellets of our readers--to put them upon their mettle. Most of them
will reeive the last of their formal instruction in the high school.
The worl will soon expect maturity from them. Their achievements will
epend upon the possession of other powers than memory alone. The
effetiveness of their citizenship in our republic will be measured by
the exellence of their judgment as well as the fullness of their
informtion.